well a scientist has trapped you in a
cave he gave you a poison that will
slowly turn you into an
ant but he also made a cure and put it
in a bottle on the
guess what tallest rock in the cave you
can't reach it
but the scientist gave you three pills
to choose from
one turns you into a bat another turns
you into a monkey
and the last one makes you a cat which
one should you take
the pill that will turn you into a
monkey you'll be great at climbing
and you'll have thumbs to open the
bottle without breaking it
while hiking in the mountains a sudden
storm breaks out with thunder and
lightning
there's no way to escape how would you
survive the continuous lightning
hide under a tree crouch down to the
ground
or lay flat on the floor
you should crouch down to the ground
lightning strikes the tallest objects
and lying flat on the floor
increases the area your body takes up
which makes you
a bigger target you're in the wild
and a hungry lion is chasing you you run
to a large ravine that stretches for
miles
but it's five times your height in width
it looks too
deep but the line is catching up to you
how would you get to the other side jump
as far as you can
use the branch to get across use the
thin
rope that's tight all the way across
ah use the thin rope you can cross your
legs on top
and use your arms to pull yourself
you're training to become an astronaut
the parents are so proud during your
survival drill
they give you an almost empty oxygen
tank and you get placed in an area with
no
oxygen and low gravity the entrance door
is 100 feet away
what's the fastest way to head back lay
low and crawl back
remove your suit and run towards the
entrance faster
use all your force to jump
stay low and crawl jumping in low
gravity might send you miles high
and removing your suit will leave you
completely without oxygen
you've made it now you're a real ass
and while you were doing some work
outside the international space
station your support line suddenly snaps
sending you away from the space station
how will you get back
sit there and wait for someone in the
space station to see you
scream as loud as you can hoping that
someone will hear you
throw away the tools you were using
throw away your tools it'll help you
propel yourself back you are driving on
a bumpy road
when suddenly your car swerves off and
falls into a lake
what's the first thing you should do
call emergency services
open the door roll down or break your
window
your first response should be to get out
of the car
and opening the door will be impossible
so rolling down your window and getting
out
is your best bet while hiking
you fall into a pit that's hundreds of
feet long
it's impossible to get out but three
doors appear in front of you
in the first there's a poisonous gas the
second has
four hungry lions and the third has 100
venomous spiders which one do you choose
the one with the venomous spiders they
won't bite you unless they think they're
in danger
nice spider now to test your
intelligence
a scientist trapped you and ask you to
choose among four places to spend your
next month
but only one of those places is safe
which is your best bet
a desert filled with cacti a stormy
tropical beach
a rigorous mountain with three cherry
trees
the stormy beach you'll be able to fish
and get your water needs from coconuts
the rigorous mountain will be impossible
to climb and even if you do
cherries won't give you all the
nutrients your body needs
when you get back the scientist gives
you one last
challenge you must pick one of the three
doors in front of you to escape
but only one leads to safety which do
you choose
the first door opens into a dense jungle
filled with dangerous and hungry
creatures
the second takes you back to the time
when dinosaurs roam the earth
the third door opens into a lake during
a polar vortex
you should go through the third door the
lake is frozen and you can easily head
back to safety without running away from
many creatures
you get lost during your expedition
through some underground caves
but in front of you you notice how many
tunnels
yeah three one is overtaken by a strong
fire
the second is swamped with venomous
snakes
the third is flooding with quicksand
which is the safest
the one with the fire you can use dirt
to put out the fire as you're moving
along
one day you woke up and discovered
you've got superpowers
when you were going to work you noticed
a car speeding and heading towards a
group of students
which of your super powers do you use
super strength
telepathy invisibility
unfortunately super strength isn't super
speed
but you can use telepathy to make the
driver break immediately
someone was chasing you home you go to
your basement
set a trap and turn off the lights which
of these traps will be the most
successful
placing a skateboard a few steps down
from the basement entrance
placing your skateboard at the end of
the staircase
tying dental floss at the basement
entrance
the skateboard at the entrance it will
cause more damage than placing it at the
bottom of the staircase
the dental floss will easily break a
group of people is chasing you through a
dense jungle
in front of you there's a path that
splits into three separate places
but each has a different hybrid creature
which is the safest way through
pass the one with the lion head and the
anteater body
the one with the dinosaur body and the
head of a koala
or the path with the body of a giant
venomous harvester ant
with the head of a dolphin
[Music]
pick the third path a giant insect won't
be able to get enough oxygen through its
body to survive
which of these two girls will survive
one
is held over a giant pan filled with
boiling water
and ropes that could snap at any moment
the other was thrown into the ocean with
a heavy weight attached to her ankle
pulling her down
the first one the rope hasn't snapped
yet and she has plenty of time to get
out
or untie herself and climb up the other
girl is running out of oxygen
you're stranded on an island without any
drinking water
in your backpack you've got a knife a
t-shirt
a drinking glass rope wire mesh
which one do you use to get water
the t-shirt you wipe the dew from the
leaves with the fabric
and then squeeze it into your mouth
you've just woken up in a chemistry lab
and to get out
you must take one pill if you make it
out alive
then you're free to go which of the
pills do you take
one is filled with the parasites from a
stagnant leg
the second has spider venom and the last
one has over 10 billion harmful bacteria
the spider venom pill the poison will
dissolve when it enters your stomach
and the effects on your body will be
minimal
you walk into a room and in front of you
there are four doors
blue green red and yellow a scientist
pops out and tells you that each door
leads to a different place one goes to
the bottom of an active volcano
the second goes to the middle of
freezing antarctica
the third to a tropical island filled
with fruits and relaxing beaches
and the final one opens to the bottom of
the mariana trench
you don't know which door leads where
but the scientist tells you this in a
parallel world where the sky is orange
and the trees are red
you'd pick the green door so which one
do you choose
the correct answer is the red door the
scientist talks about the opposite
colors
and the opposite of green is red
you were walking into a deep dark cave
when an evil
archaeologist blocks your way he tells
you for the next month
you must live in the cave with the
animal of your choice
if you make it out alive you're free to
go which animal do you choose
20 acid spraying whipped scorpions 15
hungry rats
35 venomous snakes or 50 bats
[Music]
the best option is the whip scorpions
they rarely bite humans
and their sting is similar to vinegar it
might hurt but it isn't venomous